Changes to system.md, readme.md and 7 files in example_templates (#24)
EddieDover/Theater-of-the-Mind: SYSTEMS.md

# Template System JSON Documentation

> Examples can be found in the [example_templates](https://github.com/EddieDover/Theater-of-the-Mind/example_templates) folder. As well, several systems other than 5e have been made, and are in the [example_templates] folder in native Foundry. If using the Forge, install the module on your local Foundry installation to have access to the [example_templates] folder, and to upload any you would like to use to your Assets Library in the <totm> folder at the top level. Or, if you haven't installed Foundry and only used the license key on The Forge, us the GitHub link above. In this case, you will have to download the file to your computer, then upload it to The Forge. If you create a template, please submit it via email, Discord or GitHub, and we will include it in future updates with full credit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Examples can be found in the [example_templates](https://github.com/EddieDover/Theater-of-the-Mind/example_templates) folder. As well, several systems other than 5e have been made, and are in the [example_templates] folder in native Foundry. If using the Forge, install the module on your local Foundry installation to have access to the [example_templates] folder, and to upload any you would like to use to your Assets Library in the <totm> folder at the top level. Or, if you haven't installed Foundry and only used the license key on The Forge, use the GitHub link above. In this case, you will have to download the file to your computer, then upload it to The Forge. If you create a template, please submit it via email, Discord or GitHub, and we will include it in future updates with full credit.
```

If using native Foundry, place your templates in the <FOUNDRY_VTT/Data/totm/> folder. 

> If using The Forge, <MODULE_NAME> will create a folder at the top level of your Assets Library named [totm]. Place your templates in this folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If using The Forge, this module will create a folder at the top level of your Assets Library named `totm`. Place your templates in this folder.
```

Inside the row array, the plugin expects items in the following format:
```json
{
  "name": "<COLUMN_NAME>",
  "type": "<DATA_TYPE>",
  "coltype": "<COLUMN_TYPE>",
  "value": "<DATA_VALUE>"
}
```

Therefore, a one row array should look like:
```json
 "rows": [
  [
  {

  },
  {

  }
  ]
] 
```

Two rows should look like:
```json
 "rows": [
  [
    {

    },
    {

    }
  ],
  [
    {

    },
    {

    }
  ]
] 
```

You can have more than two rows.

__Each item corresponds to a single column on the sheet. If you have multiple rows, then each row must have the same number of columns.__ See the below Examples section for more examples (and note, in the above structure example, the two row example has 2 columns in each). In order to achieve this, you may have to make empty columns:
```json
  {
    "name": ".",
    "type": "direct",
    "coltype": "skip",
    "value:" ""
  }, // no comma if the last column
```

> Note that you can't name all your empty columns the same. Try ".", "..", "...", etc. Since "coltype": is "skip" it won't show the periods, and you can easily count if you've made enough empty columns to match each row. It is worth mentioning here that no two columns can have the same "name": value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that you can't even empty columns need unique names. Feel free to be as descriptive as necessary, since the column **name** will not be displayed if the `coltype` is `skip`.  **No two columns can have the same `name` value.**
```

Author: Should be "Note" that even strike out "you can't"

Reviewer: > Should be "Note" that even strike out "you can't"

Yeah it should be "Note: Even empty columns need unique names."  
Sorry, today's a migraine day :)

  * **show** - Show the column as a **header** column.
  * **skip** - Do NOT Show the column as a **header** column.

**maxwidth** - This _optional_ property controls the maximum width of the column. Value must be a number that represents the width in pixels. `"maxwidth": 200,` (note the lack of quotes around the number)

**minwidth** - This _optional_ property controls the minimum width of the column. Value must be a number that represents the width in pixels. `"minwidth": 100,`

> **valign** - This _optional_ property controls the vertical alignment of the cells. It only accepts 'top' and 'bottom' any other css property will make it go middle. If left out, the default is inherit, so it will use whatever css the game system provides as some systems alreay override the table css and set the whole table to top, or middle. However, if your system has css code to set valign on table properties, using valign will override the system's value. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**valign** - This _optional_ property controls the vertical alignment of the cells. It only accepts 'top' and 'bottom'. If left out, or if an improper value is used, the setting will be ignored and will use whatever css the game system provides, since as some systems already override the table css and set the whole table to top, or middle. However, if your system has css code to set valign on table properties, using valign should override the system's value. 
```

**value** - This property is either a **string** or an **array** of objects based on if you're using **direct-complex** or not. See examples below.

### Value - accepted values

>   * boolean: no quotes: simply false, or true, i.e. `"match": true,`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * boolean - Quotes are not needed, simply use `false`, or `true`, i.e. `"match": true,`
```

>   * numbers: no quotes: always examine your systems numeric values to see if they are strings or plain numbers, if they are plain numbers do not include quotes around the value, i.e. `"match": 23,`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * numbers - Always examine your systems values to see if they are strings or plain numbers, if they are plain numbers do not include quotes around the value, i.e. `"match": 23,` If they are actually strings, then you will need to surround the number with quotes to make it a string as well, i.e. `"match:" "23",`
```

>   * numbers: with quotes: if they turn out to be strings (and most of the time they will), include quotes around the value, i.e. `"match:" "23",`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>   * text: you can include text of your writing in your output values. Simply make sure they are within the quotes for the `"value:"` or `"text":` you are creating, i.e. `"value:" "name has system.criticalInjury.time days left before system.criticalInjury.name heals.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * text:  You can include arbitrary text in your output values. Simply make sure they are within the quotes for the `"value:"` or `"text":` you are creating, i.e. `"value:" "name has system.criticalInjury.time days left before system.criticalInjury.name heals.`
```

>   * data objects: several things must be adhered to in order to avoid a .json showing a really nasty table. If there is text inside a value, there must be a space separating the text and the data string. When using special keywords (see below) they must be surrounded by spaces, and enclosed by { } marks. The entire output line must be enclosed by one set of quotes, and the module parses it to see if it finds any data objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Due to the way things are parsed by the plugin there are a few very important caveats you must keep in mind:
      1. If you are using a data string like "system.attributes.str", or a keyword (see below) like `{newline}`, along with custom text, such as "STR: system.attributes.str" as an output, there **must** be spaces around the data string,
          - INCORRECT - "STR:system.attributes.str/system.attributes.maxstr"
          - CORRECT     - "STR: system.attributes.str / system.attributes.maxstr"
```

  * **show** - Show the column as a **header** column.
  * **skip** - Do NOT Show the column as a **header** column.

**maxwidth** - This _optional_ property controls the maximum width of the column. Value must be a number that represents the width in pixels. `"maxwidth": 200,` (note the lack of quotes around the number)

**minwidth** - This _optional_ property controls the minimum width of the column. Value must be a number that represents the width in pixels. `"minwidth": 100,`

**value** - This property is either a **string** or an **array** of objects based on if you're using **direct-complex** or not. See examples below.

### Value - accepted values
  - boolean: no quotes, simply false, or true,
  - numbers: no quotes
  - numbers: with quotes
  - text: quotes

>   - data strings: 

Author: Yeah, I'll expand on that in the next version. I think I know what I'm trying to say now...

Result:

![Basic Example](doc_images/ex1.png)

## **Notes for Forge Users:**
  * It is best to use native Foundry for testing until you are 100% certain you are happy with your template. 

>   * Between The Forge's upload system, where if it sees a file exists, it won't upload it again, and browsers caching files, you will find that if you upload a changed .json, it will appear the same as before the edits. This is why testing is best on Foundry where you can just save the file, then F5 your game, and uploads are instantaneous. It is highly recommended that multiple edited uploads be a different file name every time, to avoid this issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Between The Forge's upload system that will not upload a file again if it sees the file already exists, and various browsers caching files, you may find that if you upload a changed .json, the changes will not appear. This is why testing is best on Foundry where you can just save the file, then refresh your client (F5), and changes should be instantaneous. If you can only use Forge then It is highly recommended that multiple edited uploads be a different file name every time, to avoid this issue, until your template is complete.
```

Result:

![Basic Example](doc_images/ex1.png)

## **Notes for Forge Users:**
  - best to use native Foundry until you are 100% certain you are happy with your template 
  - uploads need to be a different file name every time
  - 

## **Notes for inexperienced template creators:**

>   - use an editor, not a simple text editor like notepad

Author: This list is WIP - both at the bottom, there will be a lot more coming.

  - the problem is usually your json

>   - use the console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Use JSON Validation extensions for your editor of choice, or sites like https://jsonlint.com/ to validate your JSON.
```

>   - finding the values for your systems data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Double check that property values you're using are correct for your selected system.
```

Author: WIll also be adding ways I find those values for a selected system.
